{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green32\blue32;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14510\c16863\c16863;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21760\viewh13000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Defining the problem\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \ulnone Developing  a predictive classifier \cf2 using old weather data to predict  the next-day rain on the target variable RainTomorrow (Sydney).
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul \ulc0 Library used 
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
pandas\
numpy \
matplotlib\
seaborn \
plotly
\f0\b\fs34 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \

\f0\b\fs36 \ul Data Description
\f1\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\
Location - Name of the city from Australia.\
MinTemp - The Minimum temperature during a particular day. (degree Celsius)\
MaxTemp - The maximum temperature during a particular day. (degree Celsius)\
Rainfall - Rainfall during a particular day. (millimeters)\
Evaporation - Evaporation during a particular day. (millimeters)\
Sunshine - Bright sunshine during a particular day. (hours)\
WindGusDir - The direction of the strongest gust during a particular day. (16 compass points)\
WindGuSpeed - Speed of strongest gust during a particular day. (kilometers per hour)\
WindDir9am - The direction of the wind for 10 min prior to 9 am. (compass points)\
WindDir3pm - The direction of the wind for 10 min prior to 3 pm. (compass points)\
WindSpeed9am - Speed of the wind for 10 min prior to 9 am. (kilometers per hour)\
WindSpeed3pm - Speed of the wind for 10 min prior to 3 pm. (kilometers per hour)\
Humidity9am - The humidity of the wind at 9 am. (percent)\
Humidity3pm - The humidity of the wind at 3 pm. (percent)\
Pressure9am - Atmospheric pressure at 9 am. (hectopascals)\
Pressure3pm - Atmospheric pressure at 3 pm. (hectopascals)\
Cloud9am - Cloud-obscured portions of the sky at 9 am. (eighths)\
Cloud3pm - Cloud-obscured portions of the sky at 3 pm. (eighths)\
Temp9am - The temperature at 9 am. (degree Celsius)\
Temp3pm - The temperature at 3 pm. (degree Celsius)\
RainToday - If today is rainy then \'91Yes\'92. If today is not rainy then \'91No\'92.\
RainTomorrow - If tomorrow is rainy then 1 (Yes). If tomorrow is not rainy then 0 (No).\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul \ulc0 Link for DataSet & 
\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulc2 Source & Acknowledgements
\f1\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Observations were drawn from numerous weather stations. The daily observations are available from \
http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/data.\
Definitions adapted from http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/dwo/IDCJDW0000.shtml.\
Data source - http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/dwo/ and http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/data.
\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arunavakrchakraborty/australia-weather-data"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulc0 https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arunavakrchakraborty/australia-weather-data}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
\

\f0\b\fs36 \ul References\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 https://pypi.org/project/matplotlib/\ulnone \
\
\
\
\
}